---
layout: post
title: 2016-09-26-week6
---
#Django, jobs & vast frustration

##How am I to Jobs?
.Jobs that are gonna want a google-savvy no-nothing.
I am told over and over again that one of the best skills to have in 'this' profession is to be a proficient Google search-monkey. Firstly, I just coined that phrase; secondly, it's pretty amazing Google (as a company) has become so intensely successful, they are a job requirement. Thirdly, while I am certainly getting better at Google searching, by my perspective, the horizons of the interwebs seem to be getting smaller and smaller. 

I will decode that cryptic sentence - I am beginning to see just how much of the internet's websites are comprised of normal people who have taken the time to put up webpages, e.g. an informative tech blog. Many of these tech 'posts' are present on the internet for less-than altruistic purposes. 

Read as, there's a documentation(s) for Django because the good people who created the damned thing want e'erybody to learn and use it. Right??

It is too bad most of these people have (seemingly) created their documentations for reference rather than tutorial; it is either that or they are sadists (or computer science grads trying to get something published). If I had a one broad problem with online documentations, it would be a sincere lacking of examples.

###Update
.Learning on the fly
During class (just now), it was revealed unto me that the Django documentation has plenty of examples...they are simply not explicitly titled as such. Whoops. That does make the whole ORM (Object Relations Mapper) which Django throws my way a tiny bit more easily understood (unlike my English).

##What's a Django?
.An ORM from hell...
Because, we thought we could get around using SQL.

.What's an ORM?
Essentially, Django fools about with SQL commands in the background, for you; it allows you to treat everything as a object, which allows you to use class methods and such, without needing to worry about the 'relational' side of SQL commands. Of course, one has to understand the Django's different nomenclature (sp?), odd SQL-like methods, e.g. attribute.model_set.all() <-- what the F?, and where-in-the-hell imports; the documentation's 'search' function is garbage.

.A programming job entails...uh...programming?
I am still unsure what sort of jobs there are out there. As a kid, I wanted to be a programmer making computer games (or console games, I suppose); I was disillusioned quickly thereafter seeing what a Qbasic program actually looked like. I had found a tiny book from which I copied and pasted a couple hundred lines of code; looking back, I think I was just lost - the interest remained, my 8 year-old self was just disheartened. <-- inappropriate for a blog post, maybe? Whatevs.

The point is, I have always liked programming, fixing problems, figuring puzzles and the like. Here I am at this bootcamp doing 'back-end' web development. It honestly seems like a newer model for the modern day Graphic Designer. Hopefully, the art degree I got a decade hither will behoove me greatly in my future programming endeavor!